docs(documentation) Add search, theme, pagination, fix sidebar (#494)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Design/README.md

# Design

> This section describes the basic architecture of the BodilessJS system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Design' section contains information regarding the design system and basic architecture of BodilessJS.
```
